=head1 NAME

ArangoDB - ArangoDB client for Perl.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use ArangoDB;
  
  my $db = ArangoDB->new({
      host       => 'localhost',
      port       => 8529,
      keep_alive => 1,
  });
  
  # Create new document
  $db->collection('my_collection')->save({ x => 42, y => { a => 1, b => 2, } });
  $db->collection('my_collection')->save({ x => 1, y => { a => 1, b => 10, } });
  $db->collection('my_collection')->name('new_name'); # rename the collection
  
  # Create hash index.
  $db->collection('my_collection')->create_hash_index([qw/x y/]);
  
  # Simple query
  my $cursor = $db->collection('new_name')->by_example({ b => 2 });
  
  # Drop collection
  $db->drop(); # Drop the collection
  

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ArangoDB is ArangoDB client for Perl.

=head1 SUPPORT API VERSION

This supports ArangoDB API implementation 1.0.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new($options)

Constructor.
$options is HASH reference.The attributes of $options are:

=over 4

=item host

Hostname or IP address of ArangoDB server.

=item port

Port number of ArangoDB server.

=item timeout

Seconds of HTTP connection timeout.

=item auth_user

User name for authentication

=item auth_passwd

Password for authentication

=item auth_type

Authentication method.
Supporting "Basic" only.

=item keep_alive

If it is true, use HTTP Keep-Alive connection.

=item use_proxy

If it is true,use $ENV{http_poxy} as HTTP Proxy server.

=back

=head2 create($name)

Create new collection.
Returns instance of L<ArangoDB::Collection>.

=head2 find($name)

Get a Collection based on $name.
Returns instance of L<ArangoDB::Collection>.
If the collection does not exist, returns C<undef>. 

=head2 collection($name)

Get or create a Collection based on $name.
If the Collection $name does not exist, Create it.

=head2 collections()

Get all collections.
Returns ARRAY reference.

=head2 drop($name)

Drop collection.
Same as `$db->collection($name)->drop();`.

=head2 truncate($name)

Truncate a collection.
Same as `$db->collection($name)->truncate();`.

=head2 get_index($index_id)

Returns instance of L<ArangoDB::Index>.

=head2 drop_index($index_id)

Drop a index.

=head2 query($query)

Returns instance of L<ArangoDB::Statement>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Hideaki Ohno E<lt>hide.o.j55 {at} gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

ArangoDB websie L<http://www.arangodb.org/>

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.


=cut

